Update index: Link to go driver (#820)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/apps/_index.md

### What language should I use to write apps?

> Any language you want. We currently have an [official driver for Go](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-apps/tree/master/apps), and we are planning to release other drivers in the future in conjunction with our community.

Reviewer: Let's link to godoc instead
```suggestion
Any language you want. We currently have an [official driver for Go](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-apps/apps), and we are planning to release other drivers in the future in conjunction with our community.
```
